Add fingerprinting text and clean up application section flow (#49)
intarchboard/draft-obliviousness: draft-iab-privacy-partitioning.md

Applying privacy partitioning to an existing or new system or protocol requires the following steps:

1. Identify the types of information used or exposed in a system or protocol, some
of which can be used to identify a user or correlate to other contexts.
1.  Partition data to minimize the amount of user-identifying or correlatable
information in any given context to only include what is necessary for that
context, and prevent sharing of data across contexts wherever possible.

The most impactful types of information to partition are (a) user-identifying information,
such as user identity or identities (including account names or IP addresses) that can be

> linked and (b) non-user-identifying information, or user data (including the
> content a user is accessing), which can be often sensitive when combined with user identity.

Author: ```suggestion
linked and (b) non-user-identifying information (including content a user
generates or accesses), which can be often sensitive when combined with user identity.
```

In this section, we discuss considerations for partitioning these types of information.

> ## Partitioning Considerations

Author: ```suggestion
## User-Identifying Information
```

Applying privacy partitioning to an existing or new system or protocol requires the following steps:

1. Identify the types of information used or exposed in a system or protocol, some
of which can be used to identify a user or correlate to other contexts.
1.  Partition data to minimize the amount of user-identifying or correlatable
information in any given context to only include what is necessary for that
context, and prevent sharing of data across contexts wherever possible.

The most impactful types of information to partition are (a) user-identifying information,
such as user identity or identities (including account names or IP addresses) that can be

> linked and (b) non-user-identifying information, or user data (including the

Reviewer: I think I liked the old phrasing here better, of just calling the second chunk the user data. Maybe user-generated or user-selected data?

Reviewer: It sounds odd to have that be “or user data”. Perhaps we can say “non-user-identifying content the user is accessing or generating”?

content a user is accessing), which can be often sensitive when combined with user identity.

In this section, we discuss considerations for partitioning these types of information.

> ## Partitioning Considerations

Reviewer 2: this heading is not saying much. Would we be able to find a more meaningful heading for this part?

Author: Probably, but it's not obvious to me what that would be.

Reviewer: How about “User-identifying information” or “Fingerprinting”, etc

Author: I don't think it's much of an improvement, but that works.

User data can itself be user-identifying, in which case it should be treated as an identifier.
For example, Oblivious DoH and Oblivious HTTP partition the client IP address and client request data into
separate contexts, thereby ensuring that no entity beyond the client can observe both. Collusion across contexts
could reverse this partitioning, but can also promote non-user-identifying information to user-identifying.
For example, in CONNECT proxy systems that use QUIC, the QUIC connection ID is inherently non-user-identifying
since it is generated randomly ({{?QUIC=RFC9000, Section 5.1}}). However, if combined with another context that has user-identifying
information such as the client IP address, the QUIC connection ID can become user-identifying information.

> Some information is innate to client user-agents, including includes details of implementation of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some information is innate to client user-agents, including details of implementation of
```

protocols in hardware and software, and network location. This information can be used to construct
user-identifying information, which is a process sometimes referred to as fingerprinting.
Depending on the application and system constraints, users may not be able to prevent fingerprinting
in privacy contexts. As a result, fingerprinting information, when combined with non-user-identifying
user data, could promote user data to user-identifying information.

## Incorrect or Incomplete Partitioning

Privacy partitioning can be applied incorrectly or incompletely. Contexts may contain
more user-identifying information than desired, or some information in a context may be more user-identifying
than intended. Moreover, splitting user-identifying information over multiple contexts has to be done
with care, as creating more contexts can increase the number of entities that need to be trusted to not collude.
Nevertheless, partitions can help improve the client's privacy posture when applied carefully.

> ## Incorrect or Incomplete Partitioning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Do you have this heading twice or am I not able to read the diff correctly?

Reviewer: I also see a duplicate heading. @chris-wood What was the intention?
